Welcome at the Costa Blanca,
where we, the retirees,
can enjoy our old age,
the sun and the peace and quiet.
Where we look back on our past,
the fruits of our hard work.
And I worked damn hard.
I missed you so much.
Don't forget: I come from nothing.
-Ferry!
-Let her go!
Shoot then!
I had nothing, I got nothing.
Only hunger and bruises.
Never threaten anyone
if you can't finish it.
I swore then that neither I,
nor any Bouman after me,
would experience that misery again.
It's time to choose, Ferry.
Will you stay small
or take what's rightfully yours?
And I have chosen.
Yeah, beer for everyone!
I became the biggest.
I had everything.
I built a tight-knit family.
Together with Daan, the love of my life.
-Do you want to marry me?
-I'd love to.
We're getting married!
And we had loads of money.
Not bad, right,
for a small self-employed businessman?
Zonnedauw was our kingdom
and I was king of the campsite.
Well, what a kingdom…
My sister Claudia died, way too soon.
Her daughter Sonja got
the same fucking disease.
What have you been up to this time?
Her daughter Jezebel had to grow up
without a father anyway.
I don't like talking about that.
Jurgen was your responsibility, John.
-I'll find out what happened.
-You will sort it out.
Is that what Ferry thinks?
Fuck, man, fuck!
I would never do such a thing, John!
you know that!
I miss you so much, Daddy.
Where did you go?
I tried to take care of my clan,
but I lost everyone.
Marco…
Lars…
Remco…
Even John.
No one could take what I had.
But the more I wanted to win,
the more I lost. Even Danielle.
I never want to see you again.
And the rest was taken by the police,
thanks to Dennis.
Tell me where those pills are
and Ferry will never get to you.
Goddammit.
I have nothing left, just the Spanish sun.
Very warm.
No, Ferry Bouman no longer exists.
André?
What?
-André, André!
-Yeah, yeah…
André, André, André!
Alright.
Come on, hurry!
Hey André, can we hire you as a clown?
That's what your wives did last night.
-Hello, Santa Claus. Welcome to the party.
-Hello. Thank you.
Ho, ho, ho.
Bravo, let me take a look at you.
Fantastic.
No Christmas without Santa Claus.
-This stupid beard…
-Don't complain so much.
Hand out candies to the children.
Maybe dinner tonight?
The leftovers from the barbecue?
No, I'm sorry. I will be with my family.
Another time.
More for me.
Well, who wants candy? Hey!
And a bit more in that direction!
Great! Next.
That was really bad.
Yeah, that way it's easy.
Three shots, I'm first.
Let's take a look at the next hole.
Goddammit.
Yes, hole-in-one!
André's in the lead again.
Hey!
Be careful!
The Grinch.
What did you say?
That's what I thought.
Hey.
What's going on?
Nothing.
-Nothing?
-No. Jez?
Ferry.
Jezebel?
-How did you get here?
-On foot.
Hello to you too.
It's been a long time, Jezebel.
How are you? Good to see you.
Of course. Hey. Goddammit.
How are you?
You have a damn good hiding place here.
We searched every campsite in Benidorm.
Yeah, well… You found me, didn't you?
André?
What?
Hello.
Is this your daughter?
No, she's the daughter
of my sister's daughter.
Are they looking for a place to stay?
It's okay.
-The children want Santa Claus back.
-Yes, I'm coming.
André?
Have you ever googled Ferry Bouman?
Come in.
Something to drink?
I've got orange juice, coke, milk.
There's no more chocolate milk.
Just give me a beer.
And for him?
-Jer, something to drink?
-What?
-A drink?
-No.
Jer?
Jeremy, my boyfriend.
How long has it been?
Eight years.
Yeah…
How are you?
I need money.
Who doesn't?
Consider it backpay for missed presents
over the years.
How much do you need?
Fifty thousand.
Fifty thousand?
-What's going on here?
-Do you even care?
Hey…
What's going on?
Don't you know how to speak, or what?
Hey!
-We lost a downpayment.
-Shut your mouth!
Downpayment for what?
XTC.
XTC…
-You sell XTC?
-Yeah, so what?
Yeah, so what? How dumb are you?
You were the biggest pill dealer
in Brabant.
So? How do you get those pills?
Jer is our cook.
-Did you get her into this, goddammit?
-Ferry, let him go!
-No, man!
-Boy, give me this, you idiot.
-Before you shoot off your own balls.
-It's not his fault.
What happened to that downpayment?
We bought a lab with it, and PMK.
Where is the lab?
Taken by the cops.
This keeps getting better.
Are you kidding me now?
-Do you see me laugh?
-Do you see me laugh, punk?
Fuck you, scrotum.
Do you realize the mess you're in?
I want nothing to do with this.
I'm not asking you to. Dude,
just give me the money and I'll leave.
To do what? Buy a new lab?
-A lab, PMK.
-You will pay that downpayment back.
Lend me the money. I'll pay you back.
I don't have money. Look around you.
-Told you that selfish ass wouldn't help.
-Hey, I don't owe you anything.
So where have you been all this time?
I had no one left. Idiot.
I don't know how you see it,
but you owe me a lot.
André?
Do you really think you'll cure your
problems with cocktails in the sun?
My problems? Your problems.
-André?!
-I have nothing to do with this.
Fuck you, Ferry!
The name is André.
André, in Spain Santa Claus doesn't drink.
This Santa is very thirsty.
Ferry?
-You have to help us.
-Get out of here.
We promised the pills.
To Lex. Lex van Dun.
Two hundred fifty thousand.
So you're bothering me for 250,000 pills?
When we asked for more time, he lost it.
He gave Jez a beating.
Badly.
You should have done something then,
instead of crying about it here.
You don't know Lex.
He's completely mental.
I'm done with that stuff.
Put it on my bill.
-André, André.
-What is it, kid?
-More candy.
-More candy?
Shouldn't you just go
and play football with your friends?
Or you'll get as fat as André
and you don't want that, do you?
What's your name again?
Jonnie.
That's a nice name, kid.
Goddammit.
-Where are your manners?
-Chill, old man.
-Or should I teach you some?
-Hey! Hey, are you insane?
-Get lost, man!
-Let go of my son!
Get lost! Go away!
Easy!
André!
Let me go! Let go!
Get off! Go!
I'm sorry.
Goddammit.
Fuck. You need a ticket for this thing.
-Do you see one?
-I don't know.
Shit.
Out of the way. Move!
Goddammit.
-Ferry…
-Shut up!
Henk, it's Ferry.
-Ferry? Which Ferry?
-What do you mean? Do you know any other?
-Where have you been?
-Listen…
What do you know about Lex van Dun?
Van Dun…
Stay away from him, Ferry.
That guy is insane.
You promised me something.
For real. He's completely off the rails.
You'll get all of it, I swear.
He'd torture his own mother.
Lex, no!
It's not like it used to be.
Nowadays, no one is fair anymore.
-Heavy stuff.
-Yes, the crazies are running the kingdom.
-Okay.
-It's all shitty, Fer.
Thank you.
We're leaving.
Where to?
Home.
Put that away. It's not a toy. Dammit.
I may be dragging you back into the pills,
but I'm saving you from that campsite.
You're not dragging me into anything.
I'm helping you out of that mess
and then I'm gone.
Goddammit, man. Idiot.
I'll do the talking.
You keep your mouth shut.
-Kiddo…
-Fuck you.
Shut up.
Yeah?
Is that bodyguard supposed to scare me?
Are you Lex?
-I'm Ferry.
-Bouman.
I thought you were dead.
What are you doing here?
Jezebel is family.
Jezebel…
Did you go crying to Uncle Ferry?
So we're in business now?
-No.
-No?
Is not going to happen.
Those pills are not coming. You get
your downpayment back, and that's it.
I don't care about that downpayment.
I promised someone those pills
and I value my reputation more.
Yeah?
You should have thought about that
before going into business with kids.
Ferry?
I should kill you right here,
you fucking bastard.
-Haven't you done enough?
-Do you know who he is?
I did three years because of him.
He'll screw you all over.
One doesn't betray one's friends,
right, Dennis?
Shame. On. You.
Shame on you? You think that's normal?
He wouldn't dare do that to me.
Right, Dennis?
-He belongs with me now.
-So much for your big reputation.
Yes, and that's why I'm respecting yours.
So one more time.
I need those pills, within a week.
I'm not risking my life for 250,000 pills.
Double it, or nothing happens at all.
Jesus, I love this guy.
Okay.
Five hundred K?
I'll pay for everything.
Half a million for half a million.
You have a week.
Deal.
And if you don't deliver, I'll kill you.
They've tried that before. Ask Dennis.
Dennis…
I asked for small fry.
-That's what she is.
-But attached to a whale, right?
Fucking Ferry Bouman!
I want my pills. Get them some PMK. Now!
-Why didn't you tell me about Dennis?
-Because I knew you'd react this way.
How else?
We lost everything because of that jerk.
So it's "we" now.
How dumb are you to trust that asshole?!
-Hey, don't call me dumb!
-Keep out of it!
At least Dennis was there when Mom died.
He took care of me.
By connecting you to Lex?
-By giving us a way to build capital.
-Capital?
Go work at a ticket office, please.
I had nothing. Now I have a future.
-Some future.
-Thanks to Dennis I have something.
Something, yeah! Loads of shit!
Yes, and you got us deeper into it.
We have no lab,
we have no PMK, we have nothing.
Good luck with those pills.
Fucking hell.
Does she always nag like that?
Only when family is visiting.
You're lucky it's me, boy.
If her grandmother was still alive,
she'd cut your balls off.
We don't want kids anyway.
Not that it's any of your business.
-No?
-Not your business, no.
No, I mean children.
Never mind.
I get it.
Jezebel has bigger balls than you.
What's the obsession with my balls?
She's waiting for a man
who can actually to protect her.
What good does it do a little one
when there's no money?
But, again, that's not your business,
neither her choice nor my balls.
There will be money soon, you dipshit.
Are you still angry, Uncle?
Weren't you going to get us out of this,
before you doubled the deal?
If I'm going to get my hands dirty,
I want as big a bag of money as possible.
Oh boy, how much does
a glass of sangria cost nowadays?
You wanted to "build capital", right?
That's why you played the gangster game.
But all right, here he is, hey.
The biggest pill dealer in Brabant.
Yes. And the shittiest family
in the world.
If we want to finish making 500,000 pills,
we better get started, no?
Yeah, without PMK, without a lab.
Let's go.
Uncle Ferry might have something.
What the fuck?
This is junk.
It made better pills
than you have ever seen.
They were lining up for them
all the way to Sydney.
Sydney, that's in Australia.
Fuck you.
-What is this old shit?
-Fine antiques.
You have no alternative,
so you'll have to make do with it.
How did you get the PMK last time?
The dark web.
That's online.
ZONNEDAUW CAMPSITE
VACATION FOR EVERYONE
THE GREEN RESIDENCE OF TOMORROW
80% SOLD
-Whoa, Ferry Bouman.
-Ferry motherfucking Bouman. What?
Hey, G, you're the reason I do what I do.
Don't do that.
This is Steve and Dino.
We're in this together.
-Steve and Dino.
-Yes.
Sounds like a TV show for kids.
-Ferry, you're a legend.
-It's an honor to meet you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We need PMK.
For 500,000 pills.
-What?
-Are we done or not?
Well, the cops have our PMK.
The cops?
What do we do? Ring the bell?
No, break in.
Yeah, that's literally what we did.
We made a hole through a fence
around the police and fire department.
And inside we found our lab and PMK.
They set it up to train new cops.
I know the way. I even drew a map.
And what then?
Casually walk out with that stuff?
We're not breaking in
at the police station.
Not now, not tomorrow, not ever.
Can I borrow your phone?
I have to call Lars.
Do you want me to fix it or not?
Fucking kindergarten… Oh, boy.
-Hello?
-Yes?
Lars, it's me. How are you?
Not much left of your palace.
You got some nerve to come here, man.
He can take care of the PMK.
He's on our side.
Don't be so naive.
He'll turn when it suits him.
You got any more time to waste?
For you? I only need one second, man.
Knock it off, now.
It's either this
or breaking in with the police.
-Leave us alone.
-Yeah, right.
It's fine, Jez. He's all bark.
After I cleaned up your mess here
and if Lex hasn't killed you yet,
I'll do it.
Just get to work. And then go back
to your cave. You have nothing left.
-Ferry!
-I'm coming to get you, man.
Are you okay?
Goddamn. Fucking mess.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. Fuck.
There's PMK in that warehouse.
There's one camera at the side entrance.
You can turn it.
And then? Walk in and look for a barrel
that has PMK written on it?
Time is of the essence.
This is not the time to be a coward.
You have to think.
Be smarter than the others.
How long were you in prison?
Yeah, thanks to that piss stain
over there.
Okay, so how do we get in?
-We're not.
-What do you mean, we're not?
Let me talk.
First we need two pick-up trucks.
I know a place where we can steal those.
Oh, okay.
We'll go to the warehouse,
push that camera away,
break open the door…
and then we'll need some tires.
We'll light them on fire to get smoke.
A lot of smoke.
We'll throw those into the building.
When there's smoke everywhere,
the people will have to come out.
All we have to do is wait.
-Such a dumb idea.
-Patience.
The cops will be here soon.
It'll be fine.
Drive.
Wait.
Go.
Get out, come on! Get out!
On your knees or I'll blow your head off!
Hurry up!
Go!
What the fuck, Jez!
-Jez!
-Fuck it.
Hey!
Load it up! Come on, more barrels!
Damn it!
Lay down! Lay down, head down
and don't look up!
What the fuck! What are you doing?!
Are you crazy?! Drive!
-Hurry up!
-Drive!
Jer?!
Jeremy!
Shit!
Drive!
Hey, hurry up.
-What the fuck happened?
-Is he okay?
-Hey, lean on me. Are you okay?
-Holy shit.
Be careful. Be careful!
-It'll be fine. I'm here.
-This way.
-Three, two, one.
-Watch out.
-Make way. Get lost.
-He needs a hospital.
With a bullet in his shoulder?
The cops will come.
Heat this up, and come right away
when I call you. Hurry up.
Okay, man, we're going to take a look.
Don't whine.
Let me check.
Hold him down.
Jezebel!
What the fuck happened?
Hey, Ferry.
Hey.
-What the fuck happened, Bouman?
-Bouman?
-We took some more barrels.
-Whose fucking idea was that?
-Does it matter?
-Tell that to Jeremy.
-I thought we had a plan.
-Shut up! Both of you!
Sometimes things change. If you
can't take that, go cry to your mom.
We need a location to cook. Any ideas?
I know someone.
Get on with it then.
Stop whining. Fucking toddlers.
Fuck.
Thanks.
How stupid are you?
We said three barrels.
I was already thinking of the next deal.
That was thinking?
You are reckless.
You can do that after I'm gone,
but you're not risking my life again.
Goddammit.
Grandpa had the other half. It got lost.
How is he?
Hey, sometimes one makes decisions
one regrets later on.
Look at that. There he is.
-How are you, kid? Are you ready?
-Yes.
He can't cook like this.
We can ask Dennis.
Stop it.
The bullet is out.
It's happened to me too. It's nothing.
A few paracetamol and there we go.
You'll get to be a real man, boy.
I'll wait outside.
The clock's ticking!
Are we over now?
You can't leave me alone right now.
Are you saying sorry?
Yo, come on!
We're going on a little cruise.
Dumb and Dumber over here… It's
a miracle this thing is still afloat, man.
Well…
Looks good, doesn't it?
Here we go again.
Hey, G, hey!
So he went after them, in his bare ass.
Hey, guys, police!
Run, come on, get out! Now!
Oh man, you scared the shit out of me.
Clear this away, man.
Pizza!
Good morning!
Hey, that's my beer.
Make yourself at home.
What do you want to do
with all that money?
Replace that old junk with a new lab.
You can't be serious? After all this?
You'll have 100,000 euros.
-That's a lot of sangria.
-Yeah…
Sangria's better than this shit.
Hypocrite. How much
did you rake in in your lifetime?
How much is left?
We're not the same.
-I'll stop as soon as I have enough.
-Is that so? How much is enough?
We'll see.
Jezebel…
You have Bouman blood.
The longer you wait, the harder it gets.
And at a certain point, it'll be too late
and you'll have lost everything.
Your money, your family, your friends.
Jeremy.
Since when do you care?
Since Danielle.
Did you ever hear from her?
You and Jeremy have something special.
-Slow down with the beer, okay?
-I'm not blind.
You have to treasure that.
You have to protect it.
Jeremy chose this himself.
-I didn't teach him how to cook.
-Jeremy is like a dog.
Yes. He follows you everywhere you go,
so get your money and get out of here.
And see the world. Aruba is nice.
I don't want to leave.
Things are finally turning around.
It only looks that way.
At a certain point, it'll be tough again.
All my life has been tough.
I know.
Better than you think.
I know that you mean well.
But I'll figure it out myself.
Jez!
We're having
a small Christmas party tonight.
Why? We have to be done
the day after tomorrow.
Yes, but we're on schedule.
And we'll have to eat anyway,
so if you want…
You've promised, so you have to come.
Dennis will be there too.
I'm coming for you, and no one else.
Make sure he stays out of my way,
or I'll cut his balls off.
Ferry?
Don't forget your Santa suit.
Let me believe
In love with you
Ferry!
-Merry Christmas.
-Same to you.
My God…
Cheers.
I got you something.
-I don't have anything for you.
-That's okay.
Open it.
Now they're back together.
Okay, let's go!
-Ferry!
-Who was the one screeching?
-Dino, he really can't sing.
-No.
Hey, by the way, Mr. Bouman.
We have a tradition.
-I haven't even had a drink yet, man.
-Oh, Ferry, you can do it.
Ferry, Ferry!
Guys, I'm already sorry I came.
But hey…
You all worked really hard.
So you deserve a party.
Thanks for the opening act.
No problem.
But here's the main act. Turn it on.
-Tino Martin, really?
-You look like him.
You left me…
I saw you walking, you were alone
Your pride was no longer your thing
My jaw dropped, I saw right away
That you were not doing well
You were always the one
Who modeled and pranced
And showed all you had
I see that happiness looked
At you for too long
What is left of the person I adored?
You gave me the chop
I was a mess
I was not doing well
And you didn't care
Without batting an eyelid
So slick
You said the words
-That you deserved more
You gave me the chop
Wanted more out of life
But is that you I see there?
Am I upset that you didn't choose me?
I thought it would turn out differently
-Food!
-Hey, Dennis!
Grub!
-Dennis!
-Hey, hello!
-Were you the one squalling?
-Yeah, yeah.
-Hey, cheers, guys.
-Cheers.
Look each other in the eyes,
or it's seven years of bad sex.
No, man.
It's good, right?
Shawarma? For Christmas, what a splurge.
Cheers.
Thank you.
-Jer will be our folk singer.
-And that's why I love you.
Catch.
-Close.
-My turn.
Shut up.
Shut up!
I just wanted to say
that I'm happy I'm here with you guys.
Dino, Steve, Jer.
I'm really fucking proud of us.
I think we're a really good team.
No one will tear us apart!
Nice, boys.
And Jer, I love you.
And… Sorry.
Sucker.
And thank you
for showing your ugly face again.
-We're family. As you can see.
-Better late than never.
And also for helping us.
-Ferry!
-Yes!
Of course I wanted to say something
to you too, Dennis.
Because you've always been there for me.
And the last couple of weeks were…
Well, I don't know. But…
I really wanted to thank you
for the chance.
Because we're on our way
to the deal of our lives, guys!
Drink up, pussies!
Party, party, right?!
-Let's go!
-Party!
Come on, out of the way.
Out of the way, fatso!
What's up?
-Are you with Jezebel?
-Yes, why?
The customer is getting impatient.
Are they ready?
Yeah, I don't know.
I didn't count them yet.
I want to meet up. Now.
Give me the address.
Yeah, I'll be right there.
-I've got to be somewhere.
-What, now?
Okay.
How are you doing with the pills?
Nearly there. Another 100,000 to go.
Nice.
-Hey, it was super fun. Thank you.
-You too.
-Take care.
Where's he going?
A date.
Let's sing.
Yo, Steve?
-Give me your car keys.
-Where are you going?
-We're low on drinks.
-You drank way too much.
Give me the keys.
Okay, I didn't know you would get mad.
Take it nice and easy. That car…
A rip-off?
And someone has to die.
-Ferry Bouman.
-Oh, fuck.
Is that a problem?
No.
But why don't you do it yourself?
I don't want people
to trace this back to me.
How many are there?
Three young guys, a girl and Ferry.
What about the rest?
Occupational hazard.
I want 40,000.
Half now and half when it's finished.
I'll give you 50,000. When it's done.
Clear?
Okay.
If someone shoots, she's dead too.
Weapons down.
Back up.
There's money in the back. Take it.
I don't need money.
Do you know who I am?
Listen, that deal was nothing personal.
Purely business.
Business?
I'll make you a few business propositions.
Or I'll shoot you in the head right here,
right now.
You probably don't want that.
Or…
I double Lex's 50,000.
And in exchange you kill him.
One hundred thousand?
Your choice. Businesswoman.
And I should believe you?
Do you think he'll give
you that kind of money?
Call him and ask.
Okay.
One hundred thousand. You live.
He dies.
Smart thinking.
A friend of yours is in the freezer.
He'll have a headache.
Have a nice evening.
Fuck.
What are you doing here?
Do you think you're still in charge here?
I'm not here for you, I'm here for her.
Just like the past years.
You're nothing to her.
I am family.
Some family. You killed her father.
-What?
-Yes, I know it was you.
You're imagining things.
I would think twice
before saying stuff like that.
Jurgen was killed
with the same weapon as Remco.
I didn't do it.
I know everything, man. I know the truth.
The truth? Easy to say in hindsight.
-You murdered Jurgen.
-I didn't do anything.
Oh, you're blaming it on John?
Fucking coward.
John would never do that on his own.
Jurgen was talking to the cops.
-She was ten years old.
-We did it to protect everyone. And you.
Fuck off, Ferry.
You did it to protect yourself.
Yes, we were irrelevant.
-You killed Jurgen, no one else.
-Say that again and I'll kill you.
Do you understand?
Do it, goddammit.
Show Jez who you really are.
John would never do something
like that on his own.
-Jurgen was talking to the cops.
-She was just ten years old.
-We did it to protect everyone. And you.
-Fuck off, Ferry.
Jez… I have to tell you something.
Yes?
-Hey, Dennis.
-Is there a problem?
No, I just want to know
if you have a time for me yet.
No. No, not yet.
I'm just checking that nothing changed.
What would have changed?
You know what you're doing, don't you?
What we're asking has to be done.
So just do it.
I'll call you with the time.
-Fucking bastard!
-Jez…
Jez!
-Hey.
-I'll go over there!
-That's a really bad idea right now.
-I don't care!
-Hey! We'll figure it out.
-Fuck!
First, we'll make sure
that we have the pills.
Easy. Calm down.
It's not your fault, okay?
Hey. Come here. Come.
Goddammit.
Fuck it.
Fuck!
-Where's Jeremy?
-He's inside.
Jezebel, no!
Jer?
Jezebel!
Jezebel?!
Over here.
Help me here.
Come on.
-What happened, man?
-Your old junk caught fire!
Go! Out of here!
Fuck, fuck!
-Where were you, man?
-With Xia.
Who the fuck is Xia?
So you're drinking tea with some chick
while we were working?!
-You didn't finish any more?!
-How dare you fucking ask that?!
I'm just asking, you dick! Whatever!
I'm just asking!
Get out of here with those pills.
You stay inside.
Hello.
I'm here to pick up my pills.
That's not the way to do business.
The agreement was for tomorrow.
But your lab burned down.
So just give them now.
They're not here.
Why make this so difficult?
The power couple. Hi.
Nothing here.
I said tomorrow.
Today is fine.
-Goddammit, man.
-Where are my pills?
-That was a child.
-Dino!
Who's missing? Who?!
-Steve.
-Steve. Stevie.
Stevie?
Steve!
I don't see him.
Do you see him?
Hey, call him.
Now, come on.
Yeah, hand it over.
I really don't know where he is.
He'll call us tomorrow morning.
-You still think I'm not serious, do you?
-No, no!
I am serious.
-Jeremy, go get Steve.
-Come on. Run, boy.
Move!
You keep testing me, Bouman.
Really, with those tricks of yours.
And maybe that worked in the past,
but times have changed.
You're getting old. I can tell.
If you can't handle this,
you'll have to go to a retirement home.
Drooling, next to the geraniums.
Ah, there he is.
What the fuck? No, Dino!
It's not correct. I can see it right away.
How many did you say there were?
-Four hundred thousand.
-That's not enough, right?
-Get your pills and get out of here.
-We said half a million.
-You have enough.
No, no, no.
You wanted to be the big man.
You didn't want to risk your life
for 250,000,
so that means 100,000 to go.
Lex.
No stress.
You have until tomorrow,
so put your heads together
-and find a solution.
-Knock it off, man.
Ideas, anyone?
Ideas?
-No one?!
-We have PMK and a lab!
-Shut up.
-We can cook at the cops' place.
-We'll never get there.
-Wait, Ferry!
One night, one batch. 100,000, in and out.
Jeremy, shut up!
Great plan.
You go with them.
With Uncle Ferry and Jezzy.
The three of you will go.
Steve knows the way. Leave Jezebel here.
One can't ask a girl
to dig a grave, right?
That's not done, Bouman.
If you try something,
the softie gets it. Okay?
I'm done with this shit show.
You're fixing it or I'll kill you.
Okay? Bye.
TRAINING CENTER
POLICE AND FIRE DEPARTMENT
Fuck!
-Goddammit.
-The other way around.
Do it yourself.
Fuck.
Hurry up, man.
Shit.
Quick, upstairs. Hurry.
POLICE
You know, it's not that bad.
Something wrong?
No.
Hey!
What are you doing here?
I'm…
Nathan for Control.
I need backup in the basement.
Control room for Nathan.
Can you please clarify?
Answer.
Nathan?
False alarm. Everything under control.
Are you just going to stand there?
Fucking coward!
-You can't wait to…
-Jez!
-You can't wait…
-Shut up!
This is fucking insane, man.
Shut up, man. A little late, dickhead.
Merry Christmas.
Yeah, fine. Hurry up.
Can we talk for a minute?
Hey. I didn't want this either, okay?
I'm sorry about Dino, really.
-Fuck off!
-Hey!
I'm in deep shit too, or not?
-It's Ferry's fault your lab exploded.
-Fuck you.
That thing's beeping. The MDMA is ready.
They're not going to hurt Jeremy. Really.
Don't go blaming me. You wanted this too.
Shut up, both of you.
I want to get out of here.
Do you really think
I enjoy working for Lex?
I had nothing left. Thanks to him.
We'll figure this out together.
Maybe it'd be better if you leave
the drop-off to Ferry and me.
Fer and I do the drop-off
and you can go home.
To Jeremy.
Hey, tomorrow everything will be fine.
Okay?
Hey.
Fucking bastard!
-Dirty, sneaky son of a bitch!
-Damn it!
-Fucking bastard! I'll kill him!
-Calm down!
-I'll kill him! Son of a bitch!
-Jez.
-I'll kill you!
-Calm down!
-Jez.
-What?!
He killed your father, man.
-It wasn't a carjacking.
-Shut up.
-He thought your dad talked to the cops.
-You're lying.
Why the fuck would I lie about that?
-You killed Jurgen.
-I didn't do anything.
Oh, you're blaming it on John?
Fucking coward.
John would never do that on his own.
-Jurgen was talking to the cops.
-She was ten years old.
-We did this to protect everyone. And you.
-Fuck off, Ferry.
You did it to protect yourself.
We were all irrelevant.
You killed Jurgen, no one else.
Say that again and I'll kill you.
Do you understand?
Do it, god…
Come on, we have to leave.
Come. Come on.
-Come on.
-Hands off!
You stay here. Or I'll kill you.
I swear.
This is Dennis' voicemail.
-Yes?
-Are you with Lex?
-Yes, why?
-Do it now.
Kill him!
Xia?
Something wrong?
No clue.
UNKNOWN
-Shouldn't you answer it?
-No. Not the right moment.
Everyone ready? They're coming.
Very good.
Goddammit.
Dirty rat!
Get up.
Come with me.
Hey, I'm okay. I'm okay.
Okay. Go, go, go.
Jezzy, come here!
Jezzy?!
Jezzy?
Run, run!
Come here.
You water rats. Come on.
Come over here.
Look, look.
Funny that I'd be the one to kill you.
Right?
Do you think you're a hero now?
Come.
Thank you.